# Client-Server-Development
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  - When I write code I try to make it easy to update, troubleshoot, and explain to a new user. I created the CRUD Module and contained it within its own class that way I can make changes to the code and not change the rest of the system. The code can be resused in another application that needs to access date from this or another CSV file. I also made the code readable and used names that were meaningful and clearly conveyed what I was meaning by them.
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  - I approached this problem as a computer scientest by looking at the problem and attempting to create a solution prior to coding. I looked at the requirements from the company and began to think about how this application could be accomplished. I designed the CRUD module and planned how the database would be used within the larger application. I was then able to test the application and make any changes necessary. In other courses I was never asked to do both back and front end sections of an application. This differed in that I had to follow the application from beginning to end. In the future I would use the same strategies as I used in this course to complete my work for a client. The ability to see the intial problem, brainstorm a solution, create all levels of the application, and test to make sure it works was very helpful in my work.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  - As a computer scientist, my job is to look at the problem and come up with a solution that fits the needs of the customer and the end user. The work that I have done on this project will allow Grazioso to streamline their search for animals and provide proper training animals. This will also expedite the process of animals being adopted, room for new animals to be made available, and hopefully missing and injured people to be located.
